(a) Felt-need - Stock market prediction aims to determine the future movement of the
stock value of a financial exchange. The accurate prediction of share price
movement will lead to more profit investors can make. Stock market prediction
is one of the best projects to start with Machine Learning.
(b)Details of the technical solution - The task was to 1. Predict stock prices for next few 
days.2.Show Support &
Resistance levels.3.Show Candlestick Chart of the selected stock.A Candlestick is a way of 
displaying information about an asset's price
movement. The Long-Short Term Memory(LSTM) model is popular in
time-series forecasting, and this the reason why this model is choosen for
this task. The historical data of stock using python libraries were used
and fit the LSTM model on this data to predict the future prices of the stock.
Steps include:
	1. Get the inputes from user-side as Start and End date, the Stock Name.
	Task 1 -
		1. Fetch the data using nsepy library. The required data is
		Open,High,Low,Close(OHLC) along with the Date.
		2. Insert the data into a new pandas dataframe,do some feature 
		scaling	on that data.
		3. Apply LSTM model on the train data and then create a new dataframe
		with column names-Date Open High Low Close. Insert the output in the 
		dataframe.
		4. Plotting the data by using candlestick_ohlc package on a new figure,
		setting the labels, formatting date.
		5. For rendering purpose, convert the figure into base64 using BytesIO.
	Task 2 -
		1. Fetch the data using nsepy library. The required data is
		Open,High,Low,Close(OHLC) along with the Date.
		2. Apply a logical function for support and resistance levels.
		3. Plotting S&R levels using matplotlib. 
		4. For rendering purpose, convert the figure into base64 using BytesIO. 
	Task 3 -
		1.Same as above two tasks.
		2.Create a new dataframe and insert data into it.
		3.Plotting the data by using candlestick_ohlc package on a new figure,
		setting the labels, formatting date,title as price.
		4.For rendering purpose, convert the figure into base64 using BytesIO.

(c) Limitations and Future scope :

	Limitations: 1.A system is essential to be built which will work with maximum 
	accuracy. For now, this project do not have any accuracy included.
		     2. Program will decide the number of prediction days.

	Future Scope:1. This system has to be built with maximum with maximum
		        accuracy.
		     2. Create a IEEE paper on this project.
		     3. Create a system which will give users(investors) a buy 
			or sell or ignore signal while trading on live stock market.
			
(d) Recognition : When we presented this project in front of panelists, they gave us
		  a nice review. Our presentation gone very well. We executed the project
		  without any error or bug. 
Github link - https://github.com/EU1182053/stock-market-OHLC-predictor 